Intl segmenter updates (#8402)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/intl/segments/@@iterator/index.md

---
title: Intl.Segments.prototype[@@iterator]()
slug: Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/Segments/@@iterator
tags:
  - Internationalization
  - Intl
  - JavaScript
  - Localization
  - Reference
browser-compat: javascript.builtins.Intl.Segments.@@iterator
---
{{JSRef}}

> The **`@@iterator`** method is part of [the iterable protocol](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols#the_iterable_protocol), which returns a new iterator object that can iterate over the entries in an `Intl.Segementer` object.  Each entry is returned as an object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Intl.Segments.@@iterator`** method is part of [the iterable protocol](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols#the_iterable_protocol), which returns a new iterator object that can iterate over the entries in an `Intl.Segmenter` object.  Each entry is returned as an object.
```

{{EmbedInteractiveExample("pages/js/intl-segments-prototype-@@iterator.html", "taller")}}

## Syntax

```js
segments[Symbol.iterator]
```

> The one iterator function available is `.next()`, as [described on the iterator protocol](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols#the_iterator_protocol) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The one iterator function available is `.next()`, as described in the [iterator protocol page](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols#the_iterator_protocol).
```

### Return value

A new Iterator object.

## Examples

```js

> let segmenter = new Intl.Segmenter("fr", {granularity: "word"});

Reviewer: consider `const`?

let input = "Moi ? N'est-ce pas ?";
let segments = segmenter.segment(input);
let iterator = segments[Symbol.iterator]();

while (true) {
  let result = iterator.next();

>   if (result.done) break;

Reviewer: This along with `while (true)` looks weird to me. If we have a stopping condition why not use it in `while`?

Something like:

```js
let result = iterator.next();

while (!result.done) {
  console.log(result.value);
  result = iterator.next();
}
```

am I missing something?
